Migrate to ha (#1357)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/administration/high-availability/migrate/index.md

- Provision the shared storage folder.
- If you are going to create a symbolic link to that shared folder, do that now.
- Use the [script console](/docs/administration/managing-infrastructure/script-console.md) to ensure Octopus can connect to the shared folder and create files.

```PowerShell
$filePath = "YOUR DIRECTORY"
New-Item "$filePath\file.txt" -ItemType file
Remove-Item "$filepath\file.txt"
```

- Run a tool such [RoboCopy](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/administration/windows-commands/robocopy) to copy the folder contents.  

An example PowerShell script using RoboCopy will be:

```PowerShell
robocopy C:\Octopus\TaskLogs \\YOURFILESHARE\OctopusHA\TaskLogs /mir /r:5
robocopy C:\Octopus\Artifacts \\YOURFILESHARE\OctopusHA\Artifacts /mir /r:5
robocopy C:\Octopus\Packages \\YOURFILESHARE\OctopusHA\Packages /mir /r:5
```

### Configure load balancer

> Octopus Deploy must sit behind a load balancer when configured in HA mode.  We'd recommend creating a new URL for your Octopus HA cluster.  For example, if the current URL for your Octopus Instance is `octopus.mydomain.local`, the load-balanced URL could be `octopusha.mydomain.local`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Octopus Deploy must sit behind a load balancer when configured in HA mode.  We recommend creating a new URL for your Octopus HA cluster.  For example, if the current URL for your Octopus Instance is `octopus.mydomain.local`, the load-balanced URL could be `octopusha.mydomain.local`.  
```

The advantage of a new URL is:
1. You can still access each server directly (if need be).

> 1. After going through the initial pain of redirecting everyone, you shouldn't ever have to do it again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The process of redirecting users and applications to the new URL should only need to be done once.
```

1. Ensure you have a backup of your master key.
1. Enable [Maintenance Mode](/docs/administration/managing-infrastructure/maintenance-mode.md) to prevent anyone from deploying or making changes during the upgrade.
1. Stop the Octopus Deploy windows service.

### Move the database

1. Back up the database.
1. Restore the database on the new SQL Server.
1. On your Octopus Server, run the following command to update the connection string (where "VALUE" is your connection string).

```PowerShell
Set-Location "C:\Program Files\Octopus Deploy\Octopus"

& .\Octopus.Server.exe database --connectionString="VALUE"
```

### Move the file storage

1. Run RoboCopy one final time to pick up any new files.
1. Run the following command to update the paths.

```PowerShell
Set-Location "C:\Program Files\Octopus Deploy\Octopus"
$filePath = "YOUR ROOT DIRECTORY"

& .\Octopus.Server.exe path --clusterShared "$filePath"
& .\Octopus.Server.exe path --artifacts "$filePath\Artifacts"
& .\Octopus.Server.exe path --taskLogs "$filePath\TaskLogs"
& .\Octopus.Server.exe path --nugetRepository "$filePath\Packages"
& .\Octopus.Server.exe path --imports "$filePath\Imports"

> & .\Octopus.Server.exe path --telemetry "$filePath\telemtry"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
& .\Octopus.Server.exe path --telemetry "$filePath\Telemetry"
```

```

:::hint
Your version might not have all the above paths.  Remove them from the script if you are running an older version of Octopus.

- `Imports` was added in 2021.x

> - `Telemtry` was added in 2020.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Telemetry` was added in 2020.x
```

- `ClusterShared` was added in 2020.x
:::

### After moving database and file storage

After you finish moving the database and file storage, it is time to turn back on your Octopus Deploy instance.

> 1. Turn back on the Octopus Deploy instance.  If the instance does not startup that indicates a database connection issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Turn back on the Octopus Deploy instance.  If the instance fails to start, that indicates a database connection issue.
```

1. Log in to your instance.

> 1. Navigate to previous deployments.  If you cannot see the task logs that indicate a file storage issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to previous deployments.  If you cannot see the task logs, that indicates a file storage issue.
```
